migrations: Add (rudimentary) docs for rollback (#30776)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/how-to/rollback_database.md

> ## Rolling back a Postgres database

Reviewer: Is there a risk of data loss when performing a downgrade? Might be worth adding a warning.

> If a customer downgrades their instance to a previous version, they may a need to to downgrade their database schema in two circumstances:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a customer downgrades their instance to a previous version, they need to downgrade their database schema in two circumstances:
```

> 1. On deveroper error. If a migration added in the successor version that was not backwards-compatible, the code of the previous version may struggle operating with the new schema. This may be an emergency situation in which the previous schema must be restored to bring the instance back to a stable state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Developer created **backwards-incompatible** migration: if a migration added in the successor version that was not backwards-compatible, the code of the previous version may struggle operating with the new schema. This may be an emergency situation in which the previous schema must be restored to bring the instance back to a stable state.
```

> 2. If the customer is downgrading more than one minor version, each downgrade will need to alternate with a symmetric downgrade of the database. 

Reviewer 2: "alternate with a symmetric downgrade" is a great album name but I honestly don't know exactly what it means here.

Author: ```suggestion
1. If the customer is downgrading more than one minor version. If a customer has already downgraded their instance, they will need to downgrade their database before downgrading their instance a subsequent time.
```

> 1. If the customer is downgrading more than one minor version: if a customer has already downgraded their instance, they will need to downgrade their database before downgrading their instance a subsequent time. This is because an instance two (or more) versions ago has no guarantee to run properly against the current database schema. Multiple instance downgrades therefore need to be performed in an alternating fashion with database downgrades.

Reviewer 3: > If the customer is downgrading more than one minor version: if a customer has already downgraded their instance

This is a little confusing. Is this supposed to be a nested-if kind of thing?

Author: ```suggestion
1. The customer is **downgrading multiple versions**: if a customer has downgraded their instance once, they will need to downgrade their database schema before downgrading their instance a subsequent time. This is because an instance two (or more) versions ago has no guarantee to run properly against the current database schema. Multiple instance downgrades therefore need to be performed in an alternating fashion with database downgrades.
```

I think this is more clear. Please re-comment if this doesn't resolve the confusion.

> To roll back the database to a specific version, we need to determine the set of _leaf_ migrations defined at that version. This can be done via the `sg` development tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To roll back the database to a specific version, we need to determine the set of _leaf_ migrations defined at that version. This can be done via the [`sg`](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/background-information/sg) development tool.
```

```bash
$ sg migration leaves v3.36.0

Leaf migrations for "frontend" defined at commit "v3.36.0"
 1528395968: (track fork namespace on spec)

Leaf migrations for "codeintel" defined at commit "v3.36.0"
 1000000030: (lsif data implementations)

Leaf migrations for "codeinsights" defined at commit "v3.36.0"
 1000000025: (captured values series points)
```

> With these targets, we can downgrade the database schema down to the previous version by invoking the `migrator` and giving it a specific migration target.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These leaves are the targets we want to downgrade to. To do that, we invoke the `migrator` and give it a specific migration target with the `-target` flag:
```

```bash

> export SOURCEGRAPH_VERSION="The version you are downgrading from"

Author: @danieldides I see you wrote some docs similar to this for upgrade of compose and k8s environments. I seem to be writing this here and in [another PR](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/30760/files#diff-d945d0a78a9a2fb3c4b604546949fd47d2f1f45fa5a964fe9a579206ba139829R70-R98) as well. Would it be beneficial to have a separate page we can link to describing how to run the migrator instance against your environment?

(That way we can say _Run `migrator up`..._ with links to the specifics at usage sites.)

docker run --rm --name migrator_$SOURCEGRAPH_VERSION \
    -e PGHOST='pgsql' \
    -e PGPORT='5432' \
    -e PGUSER='sg' \
    -e PGPASSWORD='sg' \
    -e PGDATABASE='sg' \
    -e PGSSLMODE='disable' \
    -e CODEINTEL_PGHOST='codeintel-db' \
    -e CODEINTEL_PGPORT='5432' \
    -e CODEINTEL_PGUSER='sg' \
    -e CODEINTEL_PGPASSWORD='sg' \
    -e CODEINTEL_PGDATABASE='sg' \
    -e CODEINTEL_PGSSLMODE='disable' \
    -e CODEINSIGHTS_PGHOST='codeinsights-db' \
    -e CODEINSIGHTS_PGPORT='5432' \
    -e CODEINSIGHTS_PGUSER='postgres' \
    -e CODEINSIGHTS_PGPASSWORD='password' \
    -e CODEINSIGHTS_PGDATABASE='postgres' \
    -e CODEINSIGHTS_PGSSLMODE='disable' \
    --network=docker-compose_sourcegraph \
    sourcegraph/migrator:$SOURCEGRAPH_VERSION \
    downto \
    -db=frontend \
    -target=1528395968
```

> This command should be run for each of the schemas listed in the output of the `sg` command.

Reviewer: 🤔  What happens if a downgrade fails?

Author: They call me.
